BUILDING wxWidgets for ReferenceFinder 4.0 for Linux
  by Carlos A. Furuti

1. INTRODUCTION

Several aspects of the wxWidgets library may be configured as
compile-time options. Unfortunately, this means applications may
depend on features not available on every binary distribution of
wxWidgets. Therefore, if you want to compile ReferenceFinder 4.0 from
source, you must also compile a properly configured wxWidgets source
package, _even_ if you already have wxWidgets installed.

2. GETTING wxWidgets

Download the source code of wxWidgets from www.wxwidgets.org. You'll
need the GTK package, wxGTK-<version at least 2.8.0>.tar.bz2 (or gz).
Unpack it in a suitable temporary directory (a release build,
explained below, will require about 190 MB). From now on, we'll
abbreviate the wxWidgets directory (containing, e.g., the "configure"
file) as WXD.  Take note of this directory path, we'll need it in
ReferenceFinder 4.0's own Makefile.

3. PATCHING

wxWidgets (at least up to and including version 2.8.0rc1) for GTK does
not fully or correctly support some features required by
ReferenceFinder 4.0, including:

- printed pages (including PDF output) appear blank (actually the
  margins are wrong); you may use the Export to PostScript command
  as a workaround
- thin lines with subpoint precision
- clipping when printing

The printing problem will be probably be addressed in wxGTK2.8.0rc2 or
a later release; for a quick fix, if you only have 2.8.0rc1, expand
the patch wxPatch2.8.0rc1.tar.gz in WXD. The top margin still appears
wrong in the "Print Preview", but will be ok in the actual output.

4. COMPILING

Copy the build-wxw.sh file from this directory to WXD, then cd to WXD.

wxWidgets may be compiled in a "release" or "debug" version, or both.
ReferenceFinder 4.0 has no debug/release variants, so you'll probably
create only wxWidget's release version and save some time and a lot of
disk space.

For building a static library (ReferenceFinder 4.0 uses a static
library for portability reasons) in both versions, type:

  sh build-wxw.sh

If, as mostly usual, you don't want the debug version, type:

  sh build-wxw.sh --nodebug

If you don't want the release version, type:

  sh build-wxw.sh --norelease

If you slightly edited (without changing or creating new dependencies)
wxWidgets or reapplied the patch, do as above adding "--noconfig",
otherwise everything will be recompiled.

Running build-wxw.sh will neither install wxWidgets nor disturb any
existing installed wxWidgets. You may safely remove WXD after
ReferenceFinder 4.0 is compiled and tested.

You may now configure and compile ReferenceFinder.

5. OPTIONAL NOTES

If you have installed a dynamic version of wxWidgets configured
according to ReferenceFinder 4.0's needs (inspect the build-wxw.sh),
you might try adapting the latter's Makefile to use it.
